# The only DEPENDS that belong in here are qt6 submodules from https://download.qt.io/official_releases/qt/6.5/$VERSION/submodules/.
depends qt6-base
depends qt6-shadertools
depends qt6-grpc
depends qt6-serialport
depends qt6-languageserver
depends qt6-wayland
depends qt6-imageformats
depends qt6-svg
depends qt6-declarative
depends qt6-quicktimeline
depends qt6-quick3d
depends qt6-multimedia
depends qt6-speech
depends qt6-datavis3d
depends qt6-qt3d
depends qt6-5compat
depends qt6-charts
depends qt6-connectivity
depends qt6-tools
depends qt6-translations
depends qt6-websockets
depends qt6-lottie
depends qt6-networkauth
depends qt6-positioning
depends qt6-location
depends qt6-remoteobjects
depends qt6-graphs
depends qt6-scxml
depends qt6-sensors
depends qt6-serialbus
depends qt6-httpserver
depends qt6-webchannel
depends qt6-webview
depends qt6-quick3dphysics
depends qt6-webengine
depends qt6-doc
